docs: update shrinking guidance for k8s upgrade (#53851)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/upgrading/upgrading-reference.mdx

The instructions in this section assume that you have configured the
`teleport-cluster` Helm chart with a values file called `values.yaml`, and that

> your `teleport-cluster` release is called `teleport-cluster`. The Auth Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your `teleport-cluster` release is called `teleport-cluster`. The Auth Service instances
```
For consistent component naming
